the Hamas run Health Ministry says
Israeli air strikes have killed at least
54 Palestinians in the last 24 hours
here latest pictures from across the
border in southern Israel showing a
large explosion in Gaza Israeli forces
are bombing refugee camps in central
Gaza and pushing deeper into Rua in the
South and the US military has ended its
mission to deliver humanitarian Aid into
Gaza via a temporary Pier Navy vice
admiral Brad Cooper said deliveries by
SE from Cyprus would now go to the
Israeli Port of ashdod the peer had
limited success partly due to bad
weather President Biden announced the
project in March because Israel was
holding up deliveries by land Aid
agencies say it still is Israel
frequently blames the delays on the UN
so in the coming weeks uh we expect that
millions of pounds of Aid will enter
into Gaza via this new pathway the
establishment of this new route Builds
on Logistics and coordination uh best
practices from the jot peer and while
the US military peer is no longer
required the US will maintain
coordination elements in place in the
near term to ensure humanitarian
assistance continues to flow into Gaza
through this new Maritime
pathway our colleague muhamad Taha from
BBC Arabic told us the project had
failed this is a new in a series of
failures uh to provide humanitarian Aid
to the people who are in bad need uh of
this Aid in Gaza uh the peer worked less
than 25 days in the life of the perer of
2 months for weather and security
reasons Aid agencies are saying this was
a waste of money waste of effort and
distraction of the situation uh in Gaza
actually and they are insisting that the
core problem is that Israel is using
starvation as a weapon of war in Gaza
and Israel should allow the a to enter
from Land from the Crossing Borders that
most of them are closed and the ones
that are open are not uh working in in a
full function